Bash files for computing resources (#1211)
ihmeuw/vivarium_research: docs/source/onboarding_resources/computing/index.rst

Your Bash Configuration Files 
-----------------------------

Bash configuration files contain information and commands that are used when 
interacting with the cluster. When the cluster tries to execute some command 
line prompts, it will look to your bash configuration files for information 
or filepaths. 

You should have 2 bash configuration files, your bash profile or :code:`.bash_profile` 
and your bash rc or :code:`.bashrc`. 

bash profile
~~~~~~~~~~~~

The bash profile is only run when you open the cluster, and so is usually a shorter file. 
Below are the lines of code you need in your bash profile. 

:: 

  [[ -e ~/.profile ]] && source ~/.profile    ##Loads generic profile settings 
  [[ -e ~/.bashrc  ]] && source ~/.bashrc     ##Loads bash rc 

bash rc
~~~~~~~

Your bash rc file is run more frequently and can contain helpful settings and information 
needed to run certain commands. First, you will need to run the below line of code in 
your terminal to set up conda. Once you're logged into the cluster on the terminal of 
your choosing, run: 

.. code-block:: bash 
  :linenos:

>   $ /ihme/code/central_comp/miniconda/bin/conda init  

Reviewer: This is also mentioned above, in the conda section -- not necessarily a bad thing, but you might want to have some kind of call-out between the two places.

Author: Good call out!

Your Bash Configuration Files 
-----------------------------

Bash configuration files contain information and commands that are used when 
interacting with the cluster. When the cluster tries to execute some command 
line prompts, it will look to your bash configuration files for information 
or filepaths. 

You should have 2 bash configuration files, your bash profile or :code:`.bash_profile` 

> and your bash rc or :code:`.bashrc`. 

Reviewer 2: It might be nice to mention that the "rc" in `.bashrc` stands for "run commands" and originates from the predecessors of Unix (CTSS and Multics), as described here:

https://superuser.com/questions/173165/what-does-the-rc-in-bashrc-etc-mean

I've never seen it written "bash rc" before as opposed to "bashrc", and it made me curious what in the world "rc" actually meant -- I never knew, so I had to look it up.

Author: Neat! I didn't know this either and added it for a reference.

Once you make edits to either of these files, you will need to log out and then back into 
the cluster before they will take effect. 

bash profile
~~~~~~~~~~~~

> The bash profile is only run when you open the cluster, and so is usually a shorter file. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The bash profile is only run when you log in to the cluster, and so is usually a shorter file. 
```
Based on [this reference](https://www.tutorialspoint.com/bashrc-vs-bash-profile-what-is-difference#:~:text=Bash_profile%20is%20another%20configuration%20file,at%20start%20of%20your%20session.) and [this reference](https://apple.stackexchange.com/questions/51036/what-is-the-difference-between-bash-profile-and-bashrc), I think you mean "log in to" when you say "open". Does that sound right?

Author: Yeah - makes sense!

> Below are the lines of code you need in your bash profile. 

Reviewer 2: Are these lines of code that you need to manually add to your `.bash_profile`, or should they already be there? I don't remember having to edit anything in my `.bash_profile` when first logging into the cluster. If it's things that are already there, perhaps we should clarify that you don't need to mess with it. Or even just don't go into any details if it's not something the user needs to know -- e.g., say something like "Your bash profile contains a few lines of code to load generic profile settings and load your `.bashrc` file. You shouldn't need to edit these." Or, if the precise lines of code _are_ something the user needs to know, clarify exactly what the user needs to do.

Author: Hmm good point! I edited this a bit to make it more clear that you shouldn't need to do anything for this one.
